DOCS-265 - Fix for F5 BIG-IP (#4188)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/security-threat-detection/f5-big-ip-ltm.md

#### Step 1: Create a Sumo Logic Hosted Collector

1. Configure a Hosted Collector in Sumo Logic using [these instructions](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/configure-hosted-collector).

> 2. Add an [HTTP source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/http-source/logs-metrics), configuring the Source Category with the string f5 in it (e.g., “f5/ltm”). Make a note of the URL for the HTTP source, as you will need it in the following steps. The URL for our example is: `https://collectors.us2.sumologic.com/receiver/v1/http/Thisis4fakeendpoint4testing==`.

Reviewer: @carlos-castillo-jask @jpipkin1 Would you be open to something cleaner, like `test-endpoint`?

Author: Fixed. You are absolutely right, @kimsauce.

> 2. Add an [HTTP source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/http-source/logs-metrics), configuring the Source Category with the string f5 in it (e.g., “f5/ltm”). Make a note of the URL for the HTTP source, as you will need it in the following steps. The URL for our example is: `https://collectors.us2.sumologic.com/receiver/v1/http/Thisis4fakeendpoint4testing==`.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Add an [HTTP source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/http-source/logs-metrics), configuring the Source Category with the string f5 in it (e.g., “f5/ltm”). Make a note of the URL for the HTTP source, as you will need it in the following steps. The URL for our example is: `https://collectors.us2.sumologic.com/receiver/v1/http/test-endpoint`.
```

#### Step 2: Use AS3 Declarative language to define a logging profile on BIG-IP

Download [AS3Listener.json from here](https://sumologic-app-data.s3.amazonaws.com/F5LTM/AS3Listener.json), and we will use it to define the logging profile on BIG IP.

Use the following curl command to set logging profile at BIG-IP. Replace `BIG-IP PWD`, `BIG-IP IP`, and `PORT` in the following command:

```bash
curl -k --user admin:<BIG-IP PWD> -H "Accept: application/json" -H "Content-Type:application/json" -X POST -d@AS3Listener.json https://<BIG-IP IP>:<PORT>/mgmt/shared/appsvcs/declare | python -m json.tool
```

#### Step 3: Sumo Logic Consumer Set up using Telemetry  

> Download the Sumo Logic `sumo.json` [here](https://sumologic-app-data.s3.amazonaws.com/F5LTM/sumo.json), and replace `SUMOLOGIC_HOST` and `SUMOLOGIC_SECRET_KEY` with values from Sumo logic HTTP URL created in step 1. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the Sumo Logic `sumo.json` [here](https://sumologic-app-data.s3.amazonaws.com/F5LTM/sumo.json), and replace `SUMOLOGIC_HOST` and `SUMOLOGIC_SECRET_KEY` with values from Sumo Logic HTTP URL created in step 1. 
```

Example: For the Sumo Logic HTTP URL `https://collectors.us2.sumologic.com/receiver/v1/http/Thisis4fakeendpoint4testing==`, the above values are as follows:
* `SUMOLOGIC_HOST`. `collectors.us2.sumologic.com`

> * `SUMOLOGIC_SECRET_KEY`. `Thisis4fakeendpoint4testing==`

Reviewer: Same as https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation/pull/4188/files#r1632086615

Author: Fixed.
